Update help me choose to include ADX (#1097)
microsoft/finops-toolkit: docs/_reporting/hubs/README.md

> We are very early in our journey. Today, FinOps hubs extend Cost Management by exporting cost details to a consolidated storage account and addressing a few of the inherent limitations that make exports more difficult to use. In their most basic form, FinOps hubs enable more Power BI reporting options. On the more advanced end, FinOps hubs are a foundation for you to build your own cost management and optimization solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FinOps hubs extend Cost Management to provide a scalable platform for advanced data reporting and analytics, through tools like Power BI and Microsoft Fabric. FinOps hubs are a foundation to build your own cost management and optimization solution.
```

    Built-In Queries: ADX offers pre-configured queries that simplify cost exploration, letting you dive into granular data views without extensive setup.

For a more detailed view and featre comparison between the different Hubs versions, refer to the [help me choose](../power-bi/README.md)page.

<blockquote class="highlight-green-title" markdown="1">
  💵 Estimated cost: 
  
  Hubs with Azure Data Factory:  **$25/mo per $1M in cost being monitored**
    _Estimated cost includes $5 for Azure storage and data processing plus up to $20 per user for [Power BI licenses](https://www.microsoft.com/power-platform/products/power-bi/pricing). Exact cost will vary based on discounts, data size per $1M (~20GB of data), and Power BI license requirements. Pipelines will run once a day per export, plus one additional monthly run per export. Pipeline run time depends on data size. For details, refer to the [FinOps hub cost estimate](https://aka.ms/finops/hubs/calculator) in the Azure Pricing Calculator or monitor hub cost using the [Data ingestion report](../power-bi/data-ingestion.md)._

  Hubs with Azure Data Explorer:  ** ~$220 per month**

>     _Estimated cost includes The estimated cost of Hubs on ADX assumes instance is running 24x7. Costs can be reduced by enabling auto-shutdown outside of business hours or applying commitment discounts. Prices are estiamted in UK South as of October 2024. If you are using Power BI dashboards, you need to include up to $20 per user for [Power BI licenses](https://www.microsoft.com/power-platform/products/power-bi/pricing). Exact cost will vary based on discounts, data size per $1M (~20GB of data), and Power BI license requirements. Pipelines will run once a day per export, plus one additional monthly run per export. Pipeline run time depends on data size. For details, refer to the [FinOps hub cost estimate](https://aka.ms/finops/hubs/calculator/adx) in the Azure Pricing Calculator or monitor hub cost using the [Data ingestion report](../power-bi/data-ingestion.md)._

Reviewer: Fwiw, the previous block of text was already too big. This is making it even bigger. Should we move this to a section further down? It's not enough for a separate doc.

## 📦 What's included

> The default deployment of FinOps hub template includes the following resources:
> 
> - Storage account (Data Lake Storage Gen2) to hold all cost data.
> - Data Factory instance to manage data ingestion and cleanup.
> - Key Vault to store the Data Factory system managed identity credentials.

Reviewer: I would revert this and just add ADX to the list and call out that it's optional.
```suggestion
The FinOps hub template includes the following resources:

- Data Factory instance to manage data ingestion and cleanup.
- Storage account (Data Lake Storage Gen2) as a staging area for data ingestion.
- Azure Data Explorer (Kusto) as a scalable datastore for advanced analytics (optional).
- Key Vault to store the Data Factory system managed identity credentials.
```

> If you would like to use the new Azure Data Explorer features, you will need to enbale the parameter **dataExplorerName**. To learn more about the parameters needed to deploy Hubs with ADX, refer to the [template](../hubs/template.md) page.
> 

Reviewer: I don't think this is needed here. We're just explaining what's in the template at a high level. We shouldn't get into the details of how to enable features.
```suggestion
```

> Once deployed, you can report on the data in ADX dashboards (__comming soon__), Power BI or by connecting to the storage account directly.

Reviewer: Technically, they can use ADX dashboards themselves.
```suggestion
Once deployed, you can report on the data directly using Data Explorer queries, Data Explorer dashboards, Power BI, or by connecting to the database or storage account directly.
```

<img alt="Screenshot of the cost summary report" style="max-width:200px" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/399533/216882658-45f026f1-c895-48ca-81e2-35765af8e29e.png">

> <img alt="Screenshot of the services cost report" style="max-width:200px" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/399533/216882700-4e04b589-0580-4e49-9b40-9f5948792975.png">

Reviewer: I can't leave any comments below this point since nothing changed, but we should probably also update:
1. Should we explicitly call out the ADX cluster name in the Create a new hub > Deploy your FinOps hub section? That's where we want them to make sure to enable it.
2. Connect to your data should be updated to call out ADX.
3. Get started with hubs should also call out ADX.
4. The required permissions below aren't the full story, but we should confirm if the template.md file has the required permissions. I don't think I did that.
